listen carefully and try to find a
mistake in one of my Silicon Valley
videos at the Los Angeles Airport and I
was so happy and people are like marina
this is great that you know how he looks
like because we know Airbnb we don't
know how Brian Chesky looks like because
you have to know how they look like
you're gonna run and oh my god I made
the same mistake three times in ten
seconds and actually told you about this
never say how he looks like say what she
looks like
because if you're saying how it's only
how does he look that's the correct way
what he looks like is the correct way if
you're any like oh my god you know how
frustrating that is I teach you guys I
teach myself and then I forget this is
why you have to repeat and repeat and
repeat things and listen to yourself
record yourself listen to yourself
because when I was saying that I didn't
really notice that mistake I only
noticed it when I started watching
myself so today we're gonna talk about
other grammar mistakes that I make and
that you make so listen carefully and
then record yourself and practice and
maybe you'll notice more mistakes
I just switched you from a smaller
camera to a bigger one so you can enjoy
better sound and image quality while we
talk about our top grammar mistakes the
next mistake that many of us make is
using its instead of its and the second
it's is an apostrophe whenever we have
its with an apostrophe it's actually it
is for example it's raining today we can
also say it is raining today it's been
like this for a week when we split them
up we have it has been like this for a
week so we're actually contracting two
words here when we have it's as one word
that means a possessive for example I
have a cat it's fur is really soft we
can replace its here with a noun that we
have I have a cat the cat fur is really
soft so whenever you can replace its
with a noun there is no apostrophe
it's a possessive for the next mistake
let's take a look at my insta story from
today now we're gonna pause me here and
we're gonna read what I wrote I picked
up a boring book which is wrong marina
this is my Instagram by the way and yes
sometimes I do those and yes sometimes I
make those minor mistakes so your
homework today is to subscribe to my
instagram lingo marina and to keep an
eye on what i'm saying there and if you
notice something that seems wrong to you
DM me and let me know so what we learn
from this story whenever you have a
physical act
it's pick up whenever you have non
physical act like your brain activity
selecting choosing something it's big
the next mistake sometimes we mix up i
and me for example let me read you a
sentence when you get done with that lab
report can you send it to bill and i
where is the mistake
can you send it to Bill and me sometimes
you just get confused by longer
sentences and this is what exam makers
use a lot they create this super long
sentence and you just get confused by
all the words and additional sentences
that they insert let's try to get rid of
all the details can you send me that lab
report so once we get rid of all the
details we actually pick the right word
so the right version of this sentence
when you get done with that lab report
can you send it to Bill and me because
me as an object here I mean we cannot
use I in two verses in two so in turn is
a preposition of moving somewhere so I'm
walking into the office then we use one
word in two sometimes we have a sentence
sometimes we get a phrase call into a
meeting in this phrase you're calling in
to a meeting so there is no actual
movement there is just an action so here
there are two separate words in em to
the next mistake I make it sometimes but
I've learned one simple rule that helps
me using them instead of them so what I
remembered what I memorized for myself
that then is the same as after and then
I stop confusing them but before that I
was like is it then with an e or is it
then with an eight let me read you a
sentence we left the party and then we
went home then can be easily replaced
with after we left the party and after
that we went home so whenever we can
replace it with after it's then with an
e we would rather go home then stay at
the party here we have pure comparison
we're comparing staying at home with
going to a party and this is a pure
example of then with an A the next
mistake effect vs. if that let me read
you a wrong sentence the movie affected
me greatly affected with an e this is
wrong
because
effect is a noun and it cannot be used
as a verb to affect is a verb with an A
and effect is a noun with an e so the
movie affected me with an A but the
movie had a huge effect on me effect
with an e using less instead of fewer
and I'm sure your teacher told you a lot
about this mistake
fewer is when we can count things I have
fewer t-shirts than you do
I made fewer videos this month because I
can calculate the amount of videos that
made in a month but we use less with
uncountable nouns I need less flour for
this recipe because I cannot count flour
because it's too small it would take
ages the next mistake using adjectives
instead of adverbs here is a simple rule
whenever you're describing an action
whenever you're describing a verb you
use an adverb an advert is different
from an adjective because it has ly at
the end let me give you some examples
let's walk quiet this is wrong because
why we are describing a verb walk so
let's walk quietly ly at the end the
last three mistakes very common between
and among when you're choosing between
something that means you're choosing
between two or three or maybe four
things but they can be easily calculated
I'm choosing between red and white wine
this night I don't drink by the way but
whatever but choosing a month so for
example you have a lot of t-shirts in
your closet and you're choosing among
those t-shirts because if you had only
two or three you would use between but
because you have so many and I'm sure
you have like ten I have twenty you're
choosing among those t-shirts complement
vs. complement when you compliment
something with an i' you're actually
telling them something nice i got
complimented on my dress
somebody liked my dress so that's
compliment with an i when you use
complement with an e that means
something is in here
sing something for example your shoes
complimentary dress it doesn't mean that
shoes are telling something should
address it just means that together they
look amazing the shoes compliment your
address that's a good addition to the
video oh my god
you know why because of three years I
was just talking about t-shirts thank
you so much thank you funny haircut
literally when you don't want to offend
somebody you're a funny Wow okay
the last mistake let's just leave it
here the last visited the least
sometimes you're confusing loose with
loose when you lose something LOSC that
means you no longer possess it so it's
lost it's gone when something is loose l
w s8 that means it's too big for you
I hope this t-shirt is not loose on me
it means I hope it fits me that was it
for you guys I hope you enjoyed watching
this video and I hope you enjoyed my
content please subscribe to my Instagram
and let me know if I make any of those
mistakes see you soon in the next vlog
bye bye